{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Agust\'edn Formoso}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww10800\viewh15420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Simon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The Simon Project was created to shed some light over Latin American and Caribbean (LAC) Internet connectivity. LAC countries are sometimes geographically close to each other, but network-wise very distanced. This logical distance that separates LAC countries has a considerable impact on Internet quality, and therefore on the region's economical development. The project aims to provide enough information about regional connectivity in order for infrastructure investors, content providers, Internet Service Providers, and other agents to have more agreements. A rise of this kind of agreements will undoubtedly end in a better Ineternet for end-users. Visit the site! By visiting the site you help us by automatically generating measurements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LACNIC/simon"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 View the Project on GitHub 
\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 LACNIC/simon}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LACNIC/simon/zipball/master"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Download 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ZIP File}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LACNIC/simon/tarball/master"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Download 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 TAR Ball}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LACNIC/simon"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 View On 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 GitHub}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Welcome to GitHub Pages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 This automatic page generator is the easiest way to create beautiful pages for all of your projects. Author your page content here using GitHub Flavored Markdown, select a template crafted by a designer, and publish. After your page is generated, you can check out the new branch:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 $ cd your_repo_root/repo_name\
$ git fetch origin\
$ git checkout gh-pages\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 If you're using the GitHub for Mac, simply sync your repository and you'll see the new branch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Designer Templates\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 We've crafted some handsome templates for you to use. Go ahead and continue to layouts to browse through them. You can easily go back to edit your page before publishing. After publishing your page, you can revisit the page generator and switch to another theme. Your Page content will be preserved if it remained markdown format.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Rather Drive Stick?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 If you prefer to not use the automatic generator, push a branch named 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 gh-pages
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  to your repository to create a page manually. In addition to supporting regular HTML content, GitHub Pages support Jekyll, a simple, blog aware static site generator written by our own Tom Preston-Werner. Jekyll makes it easy to create site-wide headers and footers without having to copy them across every page. It also offers intelligent blog support and other advanced templating features.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Authors and Contributors\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 You can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/blog/821"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 @mention}} a GitHub username to generate a link to their profile. The resulting 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 <a>
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  element will link to the contributor's GitHub Profile. For example: In 2007, Chris Wanstrath ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/defunkt"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 @defunkt}}), PJ Hyett ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/pjhyett"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 @pjhyett}}), and Tom Preston-Werner ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mojombo"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 @mojombo}}) founded GitHub.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Support or Contact\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Having trouble with Pages? Check out the documentation at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://help.github.com/pages"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 https://help.github.com/pages}} or contact {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@github.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 support@github.com}} and we\'92ll help you sort it out.\
This project is maintained by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LACNIC"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 LACNIC}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Hosted on GitHub Pages \'97 Theme by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/orderedlist"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 orderedlist}}
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}